refactor: Descriptions on Well-Known Annotations/Labels/Taints (#32992)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/_index.md

Example: `app.kubernetes.io/component=database`

> Used on: All Objects (typically used on [Workload Resources](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/)).

Reviewer: Remove [caps](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-upper-camel-case-for-api-objects), use [relative links](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-upper-camel-case-for-api-objects).

```suggestion
Used on: All Objects (typically used on [workload resources](/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/)).
```

Example: `app.kubernetes.io/created-by=controller-manager`

> Used on: All Objects (typically used on [Workload Resources](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/)).

Reviewer: Remove [caps](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-upper-camel-case-for-api-objects), use [relative links](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-upper-camel-case-for-api-objects).
```suggestion
Used on: All Objects (typically used on [workload resources](/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/)).
```

Example: `app.kubernetes.io/instance=mysql-abcxzy`

> Used on: All Objects (typically used on [Workload Resources](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/)).

Reviewer: Remove [caps](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-upper-camel-case-for-api-objects), use [relative links](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-upper-camel-case-for-api-objects).
```suggestion
Used on: All Objects (typically used on [workload resources](/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/)).
```

> A unique name identifying the instance of an application. If you want to declare what application this is part of but not in a unique way, use [app.kubernetes.io/name](##app-kubernetes-io-name).

Reviewer: Use [simple and direct language](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-simple-and-direct-language), Markdown nit

```suggestion
A unique name identifying the instance of an application. To assign a non-unique name, use [app.kubernetes.io/name](#app-kubernetes-io-name).
```

One of the [recommended labels](/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/common-labels/#labels).

### app.kubernetes.io/managed-by

Example: `app.kubernetes.io/managed-by=helm`

> Used on: All Objects (typically used on [Workload Resources](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/)).

Reviewer: Remove [caps](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-upper-camel-case-for-api-objects), use [relative links](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-upper-camel-case-for-api-objects).
```suggestion
Used on: All Objects (typically used on [workload resources](/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/)).
```

Example: `app.kubernetes.io/name=mysql`

Used on: All Objects (typically used on [Workload Resources](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/)).

> The name of the application. Note that this label is typically used on [Workload Resources](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/).

Reviewer: Use simple and direct language, and use consistent text and formatting with other examples of this language.

```suggestion
The name of the application (typically used on [workload resources](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/).
```

Example: `app.kubernetes.io/version="5.7.21"`

Used on: All Objects (typically used on [Workload Resources](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/)).

> The current version of the application. The values for this field are up to you.

Reviewer: Use simple and direct language.

```suggestion
The current version of the application.
```
